Getting started_ Architecture_section_EditorialReview_Iter1 (#4082)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/getting-started/architecture.rst

Archival data storage
---------------------

> Both alerts and non-alert events are stored in files on the Wazuh server, in addition to being sent to the Wazuh indexer. These files can be written in JSON format, ``.json``,  and/or in plain text format as ``.log``, which are not decoded fields but more compact. These files are daily compressed and signed using MD5, SHA1, and SHA256 checksums. The directory and filename structure is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both alerts and non-alert events are stored in files on the Wazuh server, in addition to being sent to the Wazuh indexer. These files can be written in JSON format, ``.json``,  and/or in plain text format as ``.log``, which contains no decoded fields but is more compact. These files are daily compressed and signed using MD5, SHA1, and SHA256 checksums. The directory and filename structure is as follows:
```

  -rw-r----- 1 ossec ossec 156296 Jan  2 00:00 ossec-archive-03.log.gz
  -rw-r----- 1 ossec ossec    346 Jan  2 00:00 ossec-archive-03.log.sum

> Rotation and backups of archive files are recommended according to the storage capacity of the :ref:`Wazuh server <wazuh_server>`. By using *cron* jobs, you can easily arrange them to keep only a certain time window of archive files locally on the server, for example, *last year* or *last three months*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotation and backups of archive files are recommended according to the storage capacity of the :ref:`Wazuh server <wazuh_server>`. By using *cron* jobs, you can easily manage to keep only a certain time window of archive files locally on the server, for example, *last year* or *last three months*.
```
